let's make tomato pie I want to start
off with two tablespoons of butter over
medium heat get that pretty much sort of
melted down just a little bit
we'll go medium low I just want to cook
onion totes off I don't really want to
brown it or anything just tell us off
add the garlic and the pans cooling down
cuz I turn the heat down a bit
well medium low and just a little bit of
salt and pick the onions down a bit next
I'm going to add two cans of diced
tomatoes it's 14 ounces it could be 14
or 16 ounces whatever and instead of two
I'm adding ten in my own homemade
tomatoes back in this year and a
teaspoon of basil onion and garlic that
was fried up you just I cooked it maybe
five minutes or less and I'm going to
add cornbread stuffing mix well that is
like this stuff that you can find in the
store it's kind of a easy step how you
can make your own dressing you know with
that you want to mix this up put a
little pepper in it to get this mixed up
baking dish my baking dish is around 8
by 8 maybe 8 by 8 9 by 8 or 9 by 9
now whatever size you have not that
important the amounts of the ingredients
can be varied you don't have to be
strict with them just get all this into
your baking dish we're gonna make the
topping now and the topping is 1 cup of
mayonnaise with worth cup of the
cornbread stuffing mix some Italian
seasoning 1/2 a teaspoon mix this up
I'll bet you catch how you seasoning
blend in we're going to add our cheese
so I grade it up one and a half cups and
get this all mixed in well I have a part
of a tomato that one use up this is not
really part of the recipe so I'm going
to just kind of put that in there
I don't want wasted tomato and then the
next step would be I have some pecorino
pecorino romano just put that around in
here let that kind of meld and marry
with the flavors okay our topping on get
this covered with the topping and this
will go into your 350 degree oven for
about 30 minutes or maybe longer maybe
40 well look at this did that look
amazingly good it smells wonderful I'm
gonna let it cool off in the try piece
let's serve some up give it a try I did
bake it for 35 minutes
because it was some parsley if you had a
shop basil it would probably be better
delicious
really nice mmm thank you
has won such wonderful flavor with the
cherry cheese and there Romano and the
tomatoes you could make this with in the
summertime with fresh tomatoes it's just
lovely thank you so much for watching